allow for approved waivers in RTL integrity requirement (#577)
chipsalliance/Caliptra: CaliptraChecklistAndEvaluationMethodology.md

#### *Integrity of Firmware and Hardware*

* **Checklist Item:**

>   * **Requirement:** The Caliptra RTL MUST be from an official release or TAC approved difference. Changes to the RTL other than those documented in the Integrator RTL Modification Requirements MUST be published to Github to obtain approval for the change. See [RTL v1.0](https://github.com/chipsalliance/caliptra-rtl/blob/v1.0/docs/CaliptraIntegrationSpecification.md#integrator-rtl-modification-requirements), [RTL v1.1](https://github.com/chipsalliance/caliptra-rtl/blob/v1.1/docs/CaliptraIntegrationSpecification.md#integrator-rtl-modification-requirements), [RTL v2.0](https://github.com/chipsalliance/caliptra-rtl/blob/v2.0/docs/CaliptraIntegrationSpecification.md#integrator-rtl-modification-requirements), [RTL v2.1](https://github.com/chipsalliance/caliptra-rtl/blob/v2.1/docs/CaliptraIntegrationSpecification.md#integrator-rtl-modification-requirements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Requirement:** The Caliptra RTL MUST be from an official release or TAC approved difference. Changes to the RTL other than those documented in the Integrator RTL Modification Requirements MUST be published to Github to obtain approval for the change. Refer to docs/CaliptraIntegrationSpecification.md (section "Integrator RTL Modification Requirements") from the official release that was consumed for integration, as listed in [Releases](https://github.com/chipsalliance/caliptra-rtl/releases).
```
